I'm not kidding about this.
The project of Chengbei Reservoir
There is indeed a problem.
Oops, but I'm more than just moral engineering
I just saw this side of Liu Yuan
I vaguely feel that he does have it recently
Since Mr. Ye said so
It seems
I'm afraid the Liu family will really encounter trouble this time
Liu Lao had a kindness towards me back then
You must not watch the Liu family have an accident
No way.
I forgot that I really want to see Mr. Liu now
Mr. Xu, what you said is true
That kid is really amazing
Old Liu
Everything I say is pure if I didn't see it with my own eyes
I won't bother you so late
A Yuan
You go get a glass of water now and show me
Dad, that kid Ye Fan is obviously a charlatan
Why do you still believe what he said?
I'd rather believe it than not
Not to mention
Chengbei Reservoir Project
But it is related to hundreds of households.
There must be no fatigue
Go ahead. Stop
I'm on my way.
Hey bro
Mr. Ye is really handsome
Don't take it seriously.
Don't regret it then
What can happen now?
I see it
You were fooled by him.